He was a pivotal figure in the Southern Dynasty
Why are you so polite to you?
Brother, are you hiding something from me?
Who are you?
Why does it feel so mysterious?
Who am I?
Wait for the day your parents submit the letter
I will hold a big ceremony
At that time
All enemies will come to their monument
Kowtow to them
Then you will know who I am
Do you really want to go against the Chen family?
He's one of the big three.
Ouyang's house is shaking in the wind and rain now
Or let it go
Let go I not only don't let go
I want him to pay back tenfold and hundredfold
Eurasian dragon
Are you sick?
Ah!
Make my sister-in-law angry again
You lose again.
The owner is young and exquisite
subordinates admire
sir
Fang Shiqiang brought the Chen family's head butler and Lao Qi here
Ah sit down
Next game
Let them wait outside